Hi, darling, we’re back.
When I learned that I was invited to work
for a few weeks on the upcoming
construction project, I was thrilled.
But that excitement
quickly turned into anxiety
because of what I had to do.
I prayed to Jehovah for weeks
to give me the strength
to have the conversation with my employer.
All right, Sarah, come in!
So?
I wanted to, first of all, say thank you
for taking the time to meet with me, . . .
I began to explain
about the construction project
and how I had been invited to volunteer.
. . . and I would
really like the time to . . .
So you want time off
during the busiest time of our year?
Well, yes, but . . .
It’s your choice, but under no circumstances
will I hold your position.
Suddenly, this beautiful privilege
felt like a huge risk.
Was I making my life
more complicated by doing this?
I read the account
about the people in Nehemiah’s day.
Their willing spirit demonstrated faith,
and Jerusalem’s walls were built by people
who “put their heart into the work.”
I didn’t want to miss out
on the opportunity
to serve Jehovah in that way.
This is my resignation letter.
I had to have faith that Jehovah
would bless my decision.
I’m not sure what the future holds
when I get back,
but I know Jehovah will take care of me.
For now, I’m going to focus
on putting my heart into the work.